---
# layout: post
title: New Producing Artistic Director, Andy Meyers
featured: false
---

<script>
  import SeasonImage from "$components/SeasonImage.svelte"
</script>

Post Playhouse is pleased to announce the hiring of a new Producing Artistic
Director, Andy Meyers, who will begin his tenure working with us to present our
2023 season.

<div class="m-auto max-w-sm md:mr-4 md:mb-2 md:float-left">
  <SeasonImage season="2023" imageFile="andy-meyers.jpg" alt="Andy Meyers" class="m-auto" />
</div>

Andy Meyers is an award-winning actor, director, playwright, and arts
administrator who has worked at theatres and arts organizations across the
county. His extensive career as an actor includes performing at the Tony Award
winning McCarter Theatre and in the National Tours of _Annie_, _Bus Stop_ and _A
Christmas Carol_. He starred Off-Broadway in the 35 Anniversary revival of
_Dames at Sea_ and _Circle of Friends_. He is a frequent guest
director/choreographer with such companies as Arizona Broadway Theatre, Missoula
Children's Theatre, Bigfork Summer Playhouse, Public Theatre of San Antonio,
Shawnee Playhouse, and various academic appointments. He recently served as
Season Director for the immersive experience House of Spirits NYC.

As a playwright, he focuses on creating Theatre for Young Audience scripts
primarily through his nonprofit AM Theatrical, with the goals of bringing arts
exposure to youth in underserved communities, while addressing social issues in
a positive, entertaining and educational event.

Previously the Managing Director for Performing Arts at Snug Harbor Cultural
Center on Staten Island, NY, Andy continues in his role as Artistic Director for
Fort Peck Summer Theatre in Northeast Montana where he has led the company to
over a decade of record-breaking seasons.

Andy is a graduate of Walnut Hill School for the Arts in Boston and holds his BA
in Theatre & Speech from Wagner College in NYC and Masters in Musical Theatre
from University of Montana. During the pandemic, he returned to the virtual
classroom, earning professional certificates in Nonprofit Administration and
Grant Writing.

Andy is based in Montana and finds himself right at home creating art in our
beautiful western region of the country. Andy shared his excitement of this
appointment, "It is so fulfilling to bring new shows and energy into towns in
rural areas that would not otherwise be exposed to them. Being able to celebrate
our awesome and historic venue this summer is going to be so rewarding. I love
being part of a tight knit community and just cannot wait to be part of the
community in Northwest Nebraska!"

Please join us in welcoming Andy Meyers to our theatre and community!
